# Nemo Asks.

Welcome to the __Nemo Asks__ repository! Nemo is a little bot with existential questions.

This application explores __natural language processing__ techniques such as 2nd order Markov Chains to generate content, in this case __questions__🧐. 
The corpus used to generate the questions is [The book of questions](https://hellomalavika.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/ef922-thebookofquestions.pdf) which, as the authors describe it, is a book containing __"...questions about you, your values, your beliefs, and your life. (...) These questions can be an avenue for individual growth, a tool for deepening relationships, a quick way to get to know a stranger, or merely a pleasant amusement."__


Please feel free to visit the [Nemo asks website](https://its-99-questions.onrender.com/)! She is still learning to form intelligible questions; sometimes her thougths dont make any sens but sometimes it actually does! When it happens, tweet it for posterity 🥳 

## Installation

To use the Tweet Generator Application, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/this-is-emma/acs1120-project.git`
2. Install the dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`.

## Usage

Tweet content generated by our little bot!

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you want to contribute to the Tweet Generator Application, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name`.
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add your feature'`.
4. Push the branch: `git push origin feature/your-feature-name`.
5. Submit a pull request.

Please ensure that your code adheres to the existing coding style and includes appropriate tests.

## Contact

If you have any questions, suggestions, or issues, feel free to contact me.

---

Thank you for checking out Nemo-Asks! We hope you find it fun! If you have any feedback or improvements, we'd love to hear from you. Happy tweeting!

Based on instruction from this [repo](https://tech-at-du.github.io/Tweet-Generator/#/)
